During the time we spend in this world, we make comparisons, think about what we did yesterday and accordingly make plans for tomorrow. We think about what happened ten years ago, assuming that time has passed and we have grown older. What gives rise to this belief is simply the comparisons we make between those previous moments and the present one.
Various things happened in our daily life,but we are aware about very few of them .Today i decided to observe every single thing for example. breathing,walking,eating,talking etc. 
Activities that i noticed:
1. Walking
2. Talking
3. Breathing
4. Laughing
5. Thinking
6. Looking

Walking: In the United Kingdom and Ireland, the term walking is used to describe both walking in a park or trekking in the Alps. However, in Canada and the United States the term for a long, vigorous walk is hiking, while the word walking covers shorter walks, especially in an urban setting.Walking is different from running ,we can see it by the rate of motion.

My observation:While i was going from hostel to class , i observed various legs heading towards the himalaya,I noticed that everyone has its own style of walking.There are differences in no. of steps in one seconds,length of each step i.e. area covered by a leg.I also noticed the person who has big leg covers much area in one step.Now about me,when i move my one leg the other move up itself to complete the step.This is satisfied by newton's law of motion that every action has equal and opposite reaction.As we used to walk daily so I will say it a temporal event as it does not depend upon time.It uses earth as a snap.

Talking: Conversation, interactive communication between two or more people.

My observation:Talking is a medium through which two objects communicate or i will say a interactive communication.Today i observed the motion of lips,voice etc. while talking with others.I noticed that lips movement is different to pronounce different alphabet also the pitch is different for different voices.There are some fixed movement for a sound.I observed the motion of my tongue while pronounciating 'ta' and 'pa' i see that my tongue touches upper part in case of 'ta' not in 'pa'.so I will say it is trans-temporal event which does not depend upon time also this event is fixed.

Breathing:Breathing is the process that moves air in and out of the lungs or oxygen through other breathing organs such as gills

My observation: Every human need oxygen to live.The process of inhale and exhale is breathing.Today i observed movement of different organs when we breathe.When i am static (no movement),left part of my chest moves up and down.I noticed my breathe count which comes out 66 per second.I felt somekind of movement in my body i.e. blood movement.Biology explains that blood flows through the heart and our heart expands and contracts which results into intake of oxygen and moving carbon-dioxide out.This event is also static but it is not trans-temporal event as my breathe count does not come out same what it was yesterday.



